You have not yet created a printer profile.  Open the Octolapse tab and click on the **Plus** icon to the right of the printer profile drop down.  This will open a new printer profile.  First, see if a pre-made profile exists by looking for the make of your printer in the **Make** drop down box under the **Import Printer Profile** section.  If you can find your Make in the list, select in, and a new dropdown box called **Model** will appear.  Try to find your Model there.  If you've found both the Make and Model, save your profile and try your print again.

If you cannot find your printer profile you will need to create a new profile from scratch.  I am planning to make a detailed guide regarding new printer setup, but either this has not yet been completed, or these instructions have not been updated.  You can also create a feature request asking for help getting a profile created for your printer.  If you are willing to put in a bit of effort, consider  <a href="https://github.com/FormerLurker/Octolapse/wiki/V0.4---Request-A-New-Feature" title="Request a Feature" target="_blank">creating a feature request</a> in the Octolapse github repository.  Make sure you read the wiki page explaining how to create a feature request first.  Also, be sure to include the make and model of your printer, the build volume, a sliced gcode file (a small one) using the stock slicer profile (if one exists for your printer), and anything else you thing would be useful.  It's likely that a bit of back-and-forth will be required before a working profile can be created.  It's possible that once the new profile has been verified to work that I will upload it to the profile repository so that everyone can import the new profile.
